
Irish dance ::

For two older classes:
Come learn basic Irish soft shoe dance steps, form, and technique while getting a great workout in! Class will work on learning and memorizing a beginning reel and jig.

Little kid Class
Let your kiddo learn about Irish dance through music and play. Participants will learn basic Irish soft shoe dance steps and form and a short dance choreography while having lots of fun!

Class fitness level: Beginner, but participants should comfortable with movement including standing on tiptoes and jumping.

Class equipment: A doft shoe such as irish ghillies, jazz or ballet shoes preferred, but not necessary.
High fitness :
(She is switching from Thursdays to Tuesdays. So Tuesdays at 6:30 in the studio, starting 9/20)


Aerobics is back! Bigger, Better, and HIGHer! Experience a modern twist on aerobics in a non-stop action-packed class of cardio and toning tracks that will take your fitness to the next level. Adaptable to all levels of fitness, you can go high or you can go low, but you will always leave feeling HIGH!
Yoga::

Vinyasa connects individual poses with deep breaths or in flow or sequence of movement. This class is designed to progressively open and strengthen the body. Each sequence in this Vinyasa yoga class builds upon the previous, resulting in more advanced postures as the practice unfolds. All fitness and experience levels are encouraged to attend. This class can be modified heavily to stand alone as a workout or as a supplement/complement to a fitness regiment.

Recommended : water, towel, yoga mat
Zumba:
An energizing dance fitness class featuring Latin and International music. This is an interval workout, the classes move between high- and low-intensity dance moves designed to get your heart rate up and boost cardio endurance.
No dance experience necessary, just come ready to move and have fun!
Youth ballet :
 3-6 years old from 5-5:45 and then 7-12 from 6-6:45 by the way! Not sure if I cleared that up.


These classes will be beginner level ballet basics, but more experienced dancers are welcome! We are an inclusive class and welcome all children.
We will focus on basic principles of dance and growing our ballet vocabulary both with words and in our movements! We will learn to have fun and move our bodies in a way that brings us joy!

Please have your dancer dressed in comfortable clothing they can move in, or ballet tights and pink or black leotard and black leggings and a white t-shirt are an option. Skirts and tutus always welcome, but not required. Ballet slippers are optional, bare feet are perfectly fine for what we will be doing. Please have your dancers hair pulled back from their face in a bun or pony tail or pushed back with a headband if hair is unable to be pulled back.

Dancers may bring a stuffed animal or doll to be their dancing partner. Please no other toys or devices.



git stash save && git checkout main && git pull origin staging && git push && git switch staging && git stash pop